1-Install VMWare Station.
2-Open VMWare and generate a serial from \VMware Workstation\keygen.exe  (Request the package of tools to the people who explain this workshop)
3-When VMWare starts you will see a option of Create a New Virtual Machine, click there.
4-And now a new tap open. You choose the Option "Typical(recommended)". Click Next.
5-You have two optiones to install the OS. First from a disk or second from a ISO. 
We choose the second option. And you click on Browse and search the folder who contains the ISO (VMware-VMvisor-Installer-201701001-4887370.x86_64).
Click Next.
6-In this section you write the name what you want for your virtual machine.
Our recommendation is to call it "WorkshopOne". Click Next.
7-You can choose the disk size. The GB recommended for the program it's ok.
And choose "Split Virtual Disk Into Multiple Files". Next Option.
8-Click Finish


9-Now you going to see a blue screen with two option. Choose the first one.
10-The instalation will take around 3 minutes.
11-In the grey window with the title "Welcome to the VMWare ESXi..."
Press enter to continue.
12-Later F11 to Accept License permission.
13-In select a disk to install choose the local option. Press Enter.
14-Keyboard (US Default)
15-Root password. Remember for this type of password you should follow a series of recommendations like:
a-No consecutive numbers.
b-Less four numbers.
c-Minimum a special symbol.
d-Capital letter.
e-Minium three letter.
But for this workshop we will use something more simple like: "workshopTest2017".
Enter to Continue.
16-Press F11 to install.
17-Enter to Reboot.
18-After the reboot you are going to see two URLs. Take the fisrt one and write at the browser.
In this window you'll see a Login form. In the installation before you create a user with the name root.
Use that user name and the password you was choose.
19-This page open the client of VMWare ESXi. Select the option of Create/Register VM
20-Select "Create a new virtual machine". Push next.
21-Choose a name. For our recomendation put it "UbuntuServerVM".
"Guest OS famili: Linux"
"Guest OS version: Ubuntu Linux (64-bit)"
22-In Customize Setting you choose the features of our virtual server. Go to VM Options and search the option of Force BIOS setup.
Mark that option and press next.
23-After create the VM. In the left of the client search the option Navigator.
Press that option and this will open a menu bar.
24-Right Click in the VM and select the option Console/Remote  Console. And open it with the VMWare Console.
25-Play the VM and the BIOS menu going to show.
26-Go to the boot optiones and put them in this order:
CD-ROM
Hard Drive
Removable Devices
Network boot
Do not save changes already. 
27-In the window of the Virtual Server of Ubuntu, press right click and select Remote Devices -> CD-ROM -> Settings.
Select Location : Local Client.
You are going to watch two optiones. You choose "Use ISO image file:" and select the ISO of Ubuntu Server. 
Click in finish.
28-Install Ubuntu. (Follow the instructions of the speakers)
29-Configure Network in Ubuntu. Hostname for the system : "testserver".
30-Set up Users and Passwords. Your Name.
31-username for the new account: "testadmi". Continue.
32-password: workshopTest2017.

Create a Snapshot

Note**: For all the commands you need to write the word sudo first.
Command Line of Ubuntu Server

1-sudo fdisk -l (list of disk)
2-sudo fdisk /dev/sdb (new partition)
3-You are in a special fdisk prompt.
write:
n (create a new partition)
p (creates primary partition)
1 (makes partition the first on the disk)

4-Prepare the partition to be used by LVM:
t (change partition type)
8e (changes to LVM partition type)

5-Verify and write the information to the hard drive.
p (view partition setup)
w (write changes to disk)

6-After you write the disk you return to the normal mode.
sudo pvcreate /dev/sdb1 (create a LVM physical volume)

7-Create a Volume Group
sudo vgcreate vgtest /dev/sdb1

8-Create Logical Volume.
sudo lvcreate -L 5G -n lvstuff vgtest

9-Format and Mount the Logical Volume
sudo mkfs -t ext4 /dev/vgtest/lvstuff

10-Create a mount point.
sudo mkdir /mnt/stuff
sudo mount -t ext4 /dev/vgtest/lvstuff /mnt/stuff

11-Create new snapshot
sudo lvcreate -L 4G -s -n lvstuffbackup /dev/vgtest/lvstuff


 